So you're a little weird? Work it! A little different? Own it! Better to be a nerd than one of the herd!
Mandy Hale.
That's what I love about geeks, that they can call themselves a geek and be proud of it. I love that.
Doug Jones.
I think that nerds, if you want to call them that, have only gotten hipper and more assimilated into the culture.
Al Yankovic.
That's the wonderful thing with nerds: they're enthusiasts. Not having a life means you get to love things with a passion and nobody bothers you about it.
John Burnside.
I get obsessed by little nerdy things in my corner that no one else is interested in.
Bjork.
Wit seduces by signaling intelligence without nerdiness.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb.
Nerds are just deep, and neurotic, fans. Needy fans. We're all nerds, on one subject or another.
Jonathan Lethem.
Nerds get caught up in minutiae, because there is a tremendous and fulfilling sense of control in understanding every single detail of a thing more than any other living creature.
Chris Hardwick.
In fact, the world needs more nerds.
Ben Bernanke.
Be nice to nerds. Chances are you'll end up working for one.
Bill Gates.
If you like nerds, raise your hand. If you don't, raise your standards.
Violet Haberdasher.
Why is being a nerd bad? Saying I notice you’re a nerd is like saying, ‘Hey, I notice that you’d rather be intelligent than be stupid, that you’d rather be thoughtful than be vapid, that you believe that there are things that matter more than the arrest record of Linsey Lohan. Why is that?
John Green.
Charm is the ability to insult people without offending them; nerdiness the reverse.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb.
I think, that if the world were a bit more like Comicon, it would be a better place.
Matt Smith.
He's given me enough homework to last ten years. I'm gonna die of nerdism.
Mark A. Cooper, ‘Absolutely Nothing’.
So nerds’ rule.
Christopher Moore, ‘The Lust Lizard Of Melancholy Cove’.
No one messes around with a nerd’s computer and escapes unscathed.
E.A. Bucchianeri, ‘Brushstrokes Of A Gadfly’.
Dude wore his nerdiness like a Jedi wore his light saber or a Lensman her lens. Couldn’t have passed for Normal if he’d wanted to.
Junot Díaz, ‘The Brief Wondrous Life Of Oscar Wao’.
If only he can get over becoming a NERD.
Michael Buckley, ‘NERDS: National Espionage, Rescue, And Defense Society’.
One thing nerds like to argue about is what nerds are allowed to argue about.
Adam Rogers.
I think I'm a trivia nerd. I love to learn about everything. I'm curious.
Adam Rodriguez.
Look at the Prius. It's a nerd car. Yeah, you're being environmentally friendly, but your dating life is gonna suck.
Xzibit.
On paper, I am a Tesla guy. I've got money, I'm a nerd, and for years I professionally ran a blog advocating for technology that helps decrease our impact on the environment. I love what Tesla does.
Hank Green.
I'm a bit of a nerd, and my extracurricular activity is nerd games.
Rich Sommer.
I was weirdly obsessed with music until I was 11, and then I turned into a nerd.
Sia.
There is a misconception that only boys are nerds, but with evolving society and social media change that we see, we know there are girls who are nerds, too. They may be passionate about comics or books or their studies. Nerds end up working as some of the top bosses in the world. But if we look closely, we will find nerd like behavior in all of us. Read on for some cool nerd quotes along with some nerd girl quotes. Nerds end up working hard than others with their focus. I don't consider myself a nerd.
Hikaru Nakamura.
People challenge my nerd cred all the time. I just show them the photo of me winning my middle-school science fair, wearing my Casio calculator watch and eyeglasses so big they look like they can see the future.
Aisha Tyler.
Nerds... the 'nerd' has never been precisely defined, thanks to the psychological complexity of the creature. The word has connotations of some level of intelligence. The typical nerd is a male with intelligence but no sense of giving it a manly face.
Tom Wolfe.
I almost think of nerd brains as rattlesnake venom; like, you can milk it. You can milk the pulpy venom out of the nerd brain and use it for good if you want to.
Chris Hardwick.
I had always been the theater nerd at Northwestern University. I knew I wanted to do acting, but I hated the idea of being this cliché - a girl from L.A. who decides to be an actress. I wanted more than that, and I had always loved politics, so I ended up changing my major completely, and double-majoring in theater and international relations.
Meghan Markle.
And if we die, we die. All men must die, Jon Snow. But first, we’ll live.
Ygritte, ‘A Storm Of Swords' Game Of Thrones.
I guess I kind of hate most things, but I never really seem to hate you.
April, ‘Parks And Recreation’.
I’m your density. I mean your destiny.
George McFly, ‘Back To The Future’.
Face it, Tiger, you just hit the jackpot.
Mary Jane Watson, ‘Spiderman’.
Yes, I love technology. But not as much as you, you see.
Kip Dynamite, ‘Napoleon Dynamite’.
How you turn my world, you precious thing.
The Goblin King, ‘Labyrinth’.
Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
Albus Dumbledore, 'Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows'.
I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the ages of this world alone.
Arwen, ‘The Lord Of The Rings’.
Brainy is the new sexy.
Irene Adler, ‘Sherlock’.
I’m looking for someone to share in an adventure.
Gandalf, ‘The Lord Of The Rings’.
Arawen: Do you remember when we first met? Argorn: I thought I had wandered into a dream.
J. R. R. Tolkein, 'The Fellowship Of The Ring'.
I’m going to pull time apart for you.
Amy Pond, Doctor Who, Season Six, Episode 10, 'The Girl Who Waited'.
When I’m around you, I kind of feel like I’m on drugs.
Scott Pilgrim, 'Scott Pilgrim vs. The World'.
You are the moon of my life. That is all I know and all I need to know. And if this is a dream, I will kill the man who tries to wake me.
Khal Drogo, Game Of Thrones, Season Two, Episode 10, 'Valar Morghulis'.
I came across time for you. I love you. I always have.
Kyle Reese, 'The Terminator'.
Love should never be a secret.
Dr. Otto Octavius, Spider Man 2'.
True love stories never have endings.
Duncan, ‘In A Fortune Cookie’.
But the heart’s not like a box that gets filled up. It expands in size the more you love.
Samantha, 'Her'.
Rogue: You know what happens when I touch somebody. You wanna end up in the hospital? Gambit: Maybe it’s worth it, no?
X-Men.
You gotta take a chance on something sometime.
Jim Halpert, 'The Office', Season Two, Episode 15, 'Boys And Girls'.
I will take a serious approach to a subject usually treated lightly, which is a nerdy thing to do.
Benjamin Nugent, ‘American Nerd: The Story Of My People’.
Everyone’s a nerd inside. I don’t care how cool you are.
Channing Tatum.
You know that passage in the Bible that says, ‘And the meek shall inherit the Earth’? Always wondered if that was mistranslated. Perhaps it actually says, And the geek shall inherit the Earth.
Neil De Grasse Tyson.
When I was a kid, it was a huge insult to be a geek. Now it’s a point of pride in a weird way.
J.J. Abrams.
Never apologize for being nerdy, because un-nerdy people never apologize...
John Barrowman.
I love nerds. Comic-Con junkies are the tastemakers of tomorrow. Isn't that funny? The tables have turned.
Kristen Bell.
A person who does many things differently and often independently makes perhaps the biggest difference of the highest significance for the greatest excellence in everyone’s life.
Anuj Somany.
Being a geek is a great thing. I think we’re all geeks. Being a geek means you’re passionate about something and that defines your uniqueness. I would rather be passionate about something than be apathetic about everything.
Masi Oka.
In Europe they call geeks ‘smart people,’ and frankly I think we live in a culture that doesn’t value intelligence enough; so, I am very proud in saying that I am a geek.
James Marsters.
A lot of nerds aren’t aware they’re nerds. A geek has thrown his hands up to the universe and gone, ‘I speak Klingon – who am I fooling? You win! I’m just gonna openly like what I like.’ Geeks tend to be a little happier with themselves.
Patton Oswalt.
To infinity and beyond!
Buzz Lightyear, ‘Toy Story’.
Don’t let the beard fool you. He’s a child!
Stu Price, ‘The Hangover’.
It’s almost a shame to smoke it. It’s like killing a unicorn…with, like, a bomb.
Saul, ‘Pineapple Express’.
I’m a mog – half man, half dog. I’m my own best friend.
Barf, ‘Spaceballs’.
Just when I think you couldn’t possibly be any dumber, you go and do somethin’ like this – and totally redeem yourself!
Harry Dunne, ‘Dumb & Dumber’.
We’re four misfits who don’t belong together, we’re playing for other misfits. They’re the outcasts right at the back of the room. We’re pretty sure they don’t belong either. We belong to them.
Freddie Mercury, ‘Bohemian Rhapsody’.
Get your stinking paws off me, you damned dirty ape!
George Taylor, ‘Planet Of The Apes’.
Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Inigo Montoya, ‘The Princess Bride’.
Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary.
John Keating, ‘Dead Poets Society’.
Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You’re my only hope.
Princess Leia, ‘Star Wars: A New Hope’.
When hiring, mix Harvard nerds with Chicago improvisers and stir.
Tina Fey, 'Bossypants'.
The 'Hipster Nerds' like stuff because they hate it. It's like they ironically like it.
Chris Hardwick.
I'm never without Nerds and peanut M&M's. I have a sweet tooth! I have an unlimited supply on hand at home, but the candy packs in my purse are not for sharing.
Joanna Garcia.
When I went to college, I lived on campus, and the guys I hung out with made the characters in Revenge of the Nerds look like the Rat Pack in 1962. I, myself made that kid Booger look like Remington Steele.
Dennis Miller.
Truth! Freedom! Justice! And a hard-boiled egg!
Terry Pratchett, 'Night Watch'.
The nerds are the ones that make the films and do loads of other really cool stuff in their life.
Daniel Radcliffe.
I'm someone who loves romance. I always have loved it. Most people who grew up as nerds, as I was, surprisingly, have loved romance.
Mindy Kaling.
I was contemplating the immortal words of Socrates, when he said'I drank what?
Chris Knight, 'Real Genius'.
Ho-ho-ho. Now I have a machine gun.
Hans Gruber, 'Die Hard'.
Sci-fi nerds are respectful, honorable. You can trust them.
Claudia Christian.
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
Kint, 'The Usual Suspects'.
My best definition of a nerd: someone who asks you to explain an aphorism.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb.
If they take my stapler then I'll set the building on fire.
Stephen Root, 'Office Space'.
Back off man, I'm a scientist.
Dr. Peter Venkman, 'Ghostbusters'.
If you like nerds, raise your hand. If you don’t, raise your standards.
Violet Haberdasher.
I am serious, and don't call me Shirley.
Rumack, 'Airplane'.